Move Ownership (#1)
SonarSource/helm-chart-sonarqube: README.md

# About this Repo

This is the Git repo of the official SonarSource Helm Chart for SonarQube.  

> The actual Chart can be found in the [charts](charts/) directory, with further explaination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual chart can be found, with additional information, in the [charts](charts/) directory.
```

Have Question or Feedback?
--------------------------

> For support questions ("How do I?", "I got this error, why?", ...), please first read the [documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org) and then head to the [SonarSource forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/). There are chances that a question similar to yours has already been answered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For support questions ("How do I?", "I got this error, why?", ...), please first read the [documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org) and then head to the [SonarSource forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/). There's a chance that a question similar to yours has already been answered. 
```
